autopep8: add page (#5645)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/autopep8.md

# autopep8

> > Automatically formats Python code to confrom to the PEP 8 style guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Format Python code according to the PEP 8 style guide.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/hhatto/autopep8>.

> - Print out formatted file with set maximium allowed line length:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Format a file to stdout, with a custom maximium line length:
```

> `autopep8 {{path/to/file}} --max-line-length {{len}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`autopep8 {{path/to/file.py}} --max-line-length {{len}}`
```

> - Print the diff for the fixed source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Format a file, displaying a diff of the changes:
```

`autopep8 --diff {{path/to/file}}`

> - Format the file in-pace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Format a file in-pace:
```

> `autopep8 --in-place {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`autopep8 --in-place {{path/to/file.py}}`
```

> - Format the files in-pace recursivly in dir:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Recursively format all files in a directory in-place:
```

> `autopep8 --in-place --recursive {{path/to/dir}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`autopep8 --in-place --recursive {{path/to/directory}}`
```
